[DOCS-14869] Generate Metrics processor update (#37666)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/generate_metrics.md

Reviewer: Create a new metric?
Add a new metric? 

whichever sounds better

Author: I used "Add a metric" because we have "Add metric" in the UI. I don't have a strong opinion for "create" or "add", but we usually don't say "new" unless it's helpful to make a contrast: "Add a new metric or select an existing metric."

## Overview

Many types of logs are meant to be used for telemetry to track trends, such as KPIs, over long periods of time. Generating metrics from your logs is a cost-effective way to summarize log data from high-volume logs, such as CDN logs, VPC flow logs, firewall logs, and network logs. Use the Generate Metrics processor to generate count, gauge, or distribution metrics from logs that match a query, and send the metrics to your destination.

> **Note**: The metrics generated are [custom metrics][1] and billed accordingly. See [Custom Metrics Billing][2] for more information.

Reviewer: The metrics generated from logs and routed to Datadog are sent as custom metrics and billed accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: The metrics generated from logs and routed to Datadog are [custom metrics][1] and billed accordingly. See [Custom Metrics Billing][2] for more information.
```

    - The **Group by** field determines how the metric values are grouped together. For example, if you have hundreds of hosts spread across four regions, grouping by region allows you to graph one line for every region. The fields listed in the **Group by** setting are set as tags on the configured metric.
1. Click **Add Metric**.

### Configure a metrics destination

{{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" header="Join the Preview!">}}

> Sending generated metrics to a metrics destination other than <a href="/observability_pipelines/destinations/datadog_metrics/">Datadog Metrics</a> is in Preview. Contact your account manager to request access.

Reviewer: Sending metrics generated from logs to Splunk, Elasticsearch, or HTTP/S Client destinations is in Preview.

Author: ```suggestion
Sending metrics generated from logs to the Splunk HEC, Elasticsearch, or HTTP/S Client destination is in Preview. Contact your account manager to request access.
```

{{< /callout >}}

> <div class="alert alert-info">The option to send generated metrics to a destination other than <a href="/observability_pipelines/destinations/datadog_metrics/">Datadog Metrics</a> is available for Worker versions 2.18 and later.<br><br>If you upgrade to Worker version 2.18 or later for an existing pipeline that already has a Generate Metrics processor, you must delete the previous Generate Metrics processor and add and configure a new Generate Metrics processor to be able to select a destination other than Datadog Metrics.</div>

Reviewer: you must 
1. Delete the previous Generate Metrics processor
2. Add and configure a new Generate Metrics processor to select a destination other than Datadog Metrics
